New production line in the bakery

Raw materials warehouses
All necessary ingredients are always available in correct quantities

Each cookie baked in large quantities
Quick-frozen and packed
15 cookies in a bag
10 bags in a box
36 boxes on a pallet (same kind) (pallet is labeled with bar code)

Pallet is stored in a freezer, bar code is scanned

Customers are registered in their database
They have special routines for checking and registering customers)
Orders on the form "send x y and z u on Monday next week"

Each truck loads 60 pallets, bar code scanner
Must be loaded in production date order (T=1min)
Truck driver gets bill with names addresses and number of each kind to be
delivered to each customer. 

They make random samples
If it's not okay, all pallet with that product produced within a time interval
is blocked.
Blocked pallets can't be delivered. 

Produced = read at entrance of deep freezer storage
PalletNbr (unique), product name, date and time is kept in a database.
Check how many pallets of a product that have been produced withing certain
time.

Raw material storage must be updated when a pallet is produced
Must be able to see amount left of each ingredient
Mus be able to see when, and how much of, an ingredient last delivered into
storage

Interface to the collection of recipes
View and update and enter new
Recipes don't change during production

Pallets may be blocked, happens before they arrive to freezer
Pallets can be traced, all info (contents, location, delivered?, to whom?
etc)
Which pallets contain certain product?
Which pallets produced in certain time interval?
Which pallets are blocked?
Which blocked ones contain certain product?
Which pallets have been delivered to certain customer? When?

Orders are registered
See all orders to be delivered during certain time period
Manual planning of a weeks production, not on demand

Loading orders before loaded from freezer to truck
(Customer, number of pallets to be delivered)
Driver's bill is identical to loading order
When printing bill, data with delivered pallets must be updated (customer,
date of delivery)

